Enhance and update documentation (#351)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: docs/setup/install.md

kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/releases/download/$VERSION/manifests.yaml
```

### Uninstall

To uninstall a released version of Kueue from your cluster, run the following command:

```shell
VERSION=v0.1.1
kubectl delete -f https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/releases/download/$VERSION/manifests.yaml
```

### Upgrading from 0.1 to 0.2

> Upgrading from `0.1.x` to `0.2.y` is not supported due to breaking API changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrading from `0.1.x` to `0.2.y` is not supported because of breaking API changes.
```

Author: Done
